h1. CodeIgniter Head Library

The Head Library is a CodeIgniter library that allows for an unobtrusive way to create the head tag content for an HTML document from the controller using both dynamic info and site-wide configurations. The Head Library allows you to include resources for your pages logically through the controller. Before you load your page, just call the render_head function and the head tag content is generated.

This Head Library comes with support for packages of items for easy loading, as well as special considerations for jQuery and Google Analytics.

h2. Original Author

* "Adam Fairholm":http://twitter.com/adamfairholm

h2. Documentation

"http://dansmith65.github.com/CodeIgniter-Head-Library/":http://dansmith65.github.com/CodeIgniter-Head-Library/

h2. Changes in v2.0

* Debug does not work with this version
* Added these public functions:
** add_package
** add
** add_inline_css
** add_inline_js
* Expanded configuration processing to allow loading any item from 'default' or 'package' (inline, feed, misc, ect.)
* Changed default configuration options for css, js, and favicon location to be in a sub directory of 'assets'
* Allowed packages to have dependant packages
* Allowed for full URL to css and js files
* Allowed for filename to be preceded by '/' for css and js files (making the link relative to the domain)
* Heavily modified documentation
* Heavily modified the method of processing all items
** Only configuration is saved as items are added to head
** No HTML is created until render_head() function is called
** Never save a duplicate value rather than removeing duplicates before processing
** When adding packages, can now accept an array of packages OR | separated
* CSS and JS can be conditional by providing an optional parameter
* All inline CSS and JS is grouped into the same script tag

h2. Changes in v2.1

* bugfix
* moved docs to gh-pages branch